children,subcategory,Category,text
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"Is Early breast cancer considered potentially curable?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"Is Primary conventional surgery the optimal choice for patients with breast cancer?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"In triple-negative and HER2-positive early breast cancer can neoadjuvant therapy be used?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"What are the advancement in breast imaging?" Has it made a positive impact on recognition and screening of breast cancer?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"What are the steps leading to the development of breast cancer?" What are the cell types involved?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"What are the genes related to breast cancer?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"What are the safest chemoprevention drug options of breast cancer?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"Can increasing age, race, menarche history, breast characteristics, reproductive patterns, hormone use, alcohol use, tobacco use, diet, physical activity, and body habitus be risk factors for breast cancer?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"Are Mutations in the BRCA 1 and BRCA 2 tumor suppressor genes significantly associated with the development of breast cancer by the age of 70?"
0,Breast cancer,Oncologist,"Can breast cancer be attributed to an inherited genetic mutation?"

0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"Is tobacco smoking the major risk factor of Lung cancer?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"Can certain environmental and occupational exposures and lifestyle factors, chronic lung disease, and lung infections lead to Lung cancer?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"What lung cancer screening techniques can be used for the prevention and early detection of lung cancer?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"Why is it Lung cancer usually diagnosed when at an advanced stage?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"Can body fluids be used as carriers of biomarkers as predictors of cancer development and progression in the case of Lung cancer?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"What advancements have been made in the screening,diagnosis, and treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer and small-cell lung cancer?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"Is lung cancer considered a heterogeneous disease at the cellular and histological level?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"Can low dose CT detect lung cancer earlier than chest radiography and sputum?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"What are the updates in the field of lung cancer screening, liquid biopsy, and immunotherapy in the front-line setting?"
0,Lung cancer,Oncologist,"What is the differenece between multiple primary lung cancers and intrapulmonary metastasis of lung cancer?" What is the treatment strategy and prognosis for each?"

0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"Can obesity, lack of physical exercise, and smoking increase the risk of colorectal cancer?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"Among the following: endoscopic and surgical local excision, downstaging preoperative radiotherapy and systemic therapy, extensive surgery for locoregional and metastatic disease, local ablative therapies for metastases, and palliative chemotherapy, targeted therapy, and immunotherapy, which is the most effective treatment in the case of Colorectal cancer?" 
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"Do genetic factors play a major role in the pathogenesis of colon cancer?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"What adavances have been made in the molecular profiling of metastatic Colorectal Cancer?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"What is the effect of colonoscopy on the risks of colorectal cancer and related death?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"In which stage should high-sensitivity guaiac fecal occult blood test (HSgFOBT), fecal immunochemical test (FIT), multi-target stool DNA (mt-sDNA) test, computed tomographic (CT) colonography (virtual colonoscopy), flexible sigmoidoscopy, flexible sigmoidoscopy with FIT, or traditional colonoscopy be used?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"Can LGR5, KCNN4, TNS4 and CENPH which are correlated with radiation sensitivity of colorectal cancer cells form an indicator that can reflect the prognosis of colorectal cancer patients undergoing radiation therapy?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"How can tumor repopulation occur after radiation therapy in case of colorectal cancer cells?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"Is Colorectal cancer a collection of neoplastic diseases?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"Why is the mutation status of KRAS, BRAF, and NRAS investigated in a metastatic context in the case of Colorectal cancer?"
0,Colorectal cancer,Oncologist,"for patients diagnosed with Colorectal cancer what is the current known data with regard to tumor heterogeneity at both inter- and intratumoral levels?"

0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"Is there a cure for metastatic prostate cancer?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"In the setting of extreme tumor heterogeneity on the genetic and cell biological levels is there any therapeutic regimens capable of generating durable responses in the case of prostate cancer?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"For patients with prostate cancer, What are the current available theragnostic schemes, including diagnostic modalities, therapeutic responses, and the drugs available to target non-AR signaling?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"Is prostate-specific antigen effective for the early detection of prostate cancer?" 
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"Is there any advances in the screening methods for prostate cancer?" Is there any novel biomarkers?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"What is Metastatic prostate cancer and is there any cure for it?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"Can androgen deprivation therapy be effective in case of Metastatic prostate cancer or do patients progress to a castrationresistant phase after a while?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"Can the upfront combination therapy with either docetaxel or new hormonal agents results in improved overall survival for patients with metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"Does prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) have superior accuracy in the staging of prostate cancer than conventional imaging (CT and whole-body bone scan)?"
0,Prostate cancer,Oncologist,"Is tissue biopsy still the standard of care for diagnosis of prostate cancer?"

0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"Are Mutations in the BRCA 1 and BRCA 2 tumor suppressor genes significantly associated with the development of ovarian cancer by the age of 70?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"What are the treatment options for Ovarian Cancer?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"Is immunotherapy effective in the case of Ovarian Cancer?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"Can the evaluation of sensitive/resistant target treatment subpopulations based on stratification by tumor biomarkers including tumor mutation burden, PD-L1, tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, homologous recombination deficiency, and neoantigen intratumoral heterogeneity improve the predictiveness of response to immunotherapy?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"Why is there no screening test for ovarian cancer and with diagnosis often in the late stages Why is the recurrence high?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"What are the main causes of Ovarian cancer?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"What are Mature ovarian cystic teratomas and what are their ectodermal, mesodermal, and endodermal components?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"A 25-year-old virginal Japanese woman underwent surgery for an ovarian tumor that was diagnosed as a mature teratoma. A solid mass within the tumor was found to have a head, trunk, and extremities. Consequently, this mass was diagnosed as a mature fetiform teratoma (homunculus). Brain, eye, spinal nerve, ear, teeth, thyroid gland, bone, bone marrow, gut, trachea, blood vessels, and phallic cavernous tissue were confirmed microscopically. Distinctive features were the clear anterior-posterior, ventral-dorsal, and left-right axes, with a spatially well-organized arrangement of the organs. An eye was located on the front of the head, a spinal nerve lay dorsal to the spinal bones, the thyroid gland was anterior to the trachea, and the gut was deep inside the trunk.What are the steps to be followed?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"Are serum tumor markers (STMs)-including cancer antigen 125 (CA-125), human epididymis protein 4 (HE4), cancer antigen 19-9 (CA 19-9), and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA)-effective for identifying ovarian cancer in conjunction with imaging?"
0,Ovarian cancer,Oncologist,"A 41-year-old woman was brought to our hospital with abdominal pain. Abdominal computerized tomography scan suggested large mass of ovarian origin which was considered an ovarian tumor with pelvic metastasis and peritoneal metastasis. Laboratory analyses indicated an elevated levels of serum tumor marker carbohydrate antigen 125 was 321.9 U/mL and the level of D-dimer was 16.71 mg/L. WHat would be your diagnosis?"

0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"Why is pancreatic cancer predominantly seen in men?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"Does Pancreatic cancer result from hereditary germline or somatic acquired mutations in cancer-related genes?" Can mutations also cause cancer progression and metastasis?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"Why is Pancreatic cancer mostly asymptomatic?" Are most cases adenocarcinomas?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"What are the future directions for research and improvement of care for individuals at high-risk of pancreatic cancer?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"Why is Pancreatic cancer screening not recommended?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"In addition to CA 19-9, what other biomarkers can be used for the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"a 74-year-old woman in whom the metastatic lesion only presented as mucosal erosion in the stomach. The patient had a 1-month history of progressive right upper quadrant pain before admission. Computed tomography and endoscopic examinations revealed a solid and hypo-enhancing mass in the head of the pancreas. The patient underwent conventional upper endoscopy before pancreatic biopsy, and mucosal erosion was observed in the gastric pylorus. We obtained gastric and pancreatic biopsies by gastroscopy and endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration, respectively. Pathologically, the biopsies taken from the area of gastric erosion showed poorly differentiated invasive adenocarcinoma that was morphologically consistent with the pancreatic specimens. Moreover, the gastric section showed tumor thrombi within the vessels. Hence, the suspected diagnosis was unresectable pancreatic cancer with gastric metastasis.What would be your diagnosis for this case?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"A 70-year-old male presenting with a mass in the right inguinal area was treated with surgery, and was diagnosed pathologically as spermatic cord metastasis of pancreatic cancer. He was given systemic chemotherapy. Unfortunately, he died of ascites and cachexia three months later. What is your opinion on this case?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"What is Pancreatic adenocarcinoma and is there any improvement in the context of therapeutic options?"
0,Pancreatic cancer,Oncologist,"What is the current knowledge concerning the molecular subtyping of pancreatic cancer and what future startegies are being studied for using a molecular taxonomy to guide therapeutic development and ultimately routine therapy?"

0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"What is hepatocellular carcinoma?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"Is the liver frequently colonized by metastases from cancers of other organs (particularly the colon)?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"Is alcohol abuse the main cause of liver cancer?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"is there an accurate and affordable method for primary liver cancer early detection and differentiating intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma from HCC using plasma cell-free DNA (cfDNA) fragmentomic profiles?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"Can MicroRNAs (miRNA) biomarkers whose expression in biofluids is strongly associated with cancer in general be used for Liver cancer detection?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"Are electrochemical biosensors based on amperometric, potentiometric, conductometric and impedimetric technology effective for detection of Liver cancer?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"Would decreasing the prevalence of obesity and diabetes and controlling mycotoxin growth decrease the case of hepatocellular carcinoma?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"During the development of liver cancer, Why are the biological roles of the innate immune cells extensively altered?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"What are immune checkpoint-based therapies for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma and cholangiocarcinoma?"
0,Liver cancer,Oncologist,"Is non-alcoholic steatohepatitis the fastest growing cause of liver cancer?"

0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"Is there a treatment for renal cell carcinoma?"
0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"Does Mutation of genes associated with kidney cancer, such as VHL, FLCN, TFE3, FH, or SDHB, dysregulate the tumor's responses to changes in oxygen, iron, nutrient, or energy levels?"
0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"Is kidney cancer a complex disease composed of different types of cancer that present with different histologies, clinical courses, genetic changes, and responses to therapy?"
0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"Is immunotherapy-based combinations of strategies approved as first-line therapies for the cae of  metastatic renal cell carcinoma?"
0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"Can kidney cancer be inherited?"
0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"Should image-guided percutaneous ablation be considered a viable, curative option for stage IA renal cell carcinoma?"
0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"Is von-Hippel Lindau (VHL) gene mutation the dominant reason for sporadic KIRC and hereditary kidney cancer-VHL syndrome?"
0,Kidney cancer,Oncologist,"What are the germline and somatic mutations that predispose patients to Kidney cancer development?"

0,Thyroid cancer,Oncologist,"Is there any therapeutics or effective treatments for advanced and metastatic, iodine-refractory thyroid cancer?"
0,Thyroid cancer,Oncologist,"What are the most recent targeted therapies and immunotherapy for advanced thyroid cancer that a provide a promising anti-tumor activity and clinical benefit?"
0,Thyroid cancer,Oncologist,"Are thyroid surgery, radioactive iodine therapy and TSH suppression still the mainstays of treatment for patients with follicular cell-derived thyroid cancer?"
0,Thyroid cancer,Oncologist,"What is papillary thyroid cancer?"
0,Thyroid cancer,Oncologist,"Is partial or total thyroidectomy, prophylactic central cervical lymph node dissection or lymphadenectomy recommended in the case of Thyroid cancer?"
0,Thyroid cancer,Oncologist,"Should a biopsy be done for nodules less than 1 cm in size if thyroid cancer is suspected?"

0,Bladder cancer,Oncologist,"What are the challenges of treatment of metastatic bladder cancer?"
0,Bladder cancer,Oncologist,"Are smoking and workplace exposure to suspected carcinogens the main risk factors  that lead to Bladder cancer?"
0,Bladder cancer,Oncologist,"Is Bacillus Calmette Guerin the most promising immunotherapy for Bladder cancer?"
0,Bladder cancer,Oncologist,"Symptoms of bladder cancer mimic those of a urinary tract infection, which can delay timely diagnosis. Is there any biomarkers than can differentiate between the two to be able to early diagnose bladder cancer?"
0,Bladder cancer,Oncologist,"What cardiopulmonary causes contribute to a considerable proportion of deaths in long-term bladder cancer survivors?"

0,Brain tumors,Oncologist,"What is Glioblastoma?" Are necrosis and endothelial proliferation some of its defining histopathologic features?"
0,Brain tumors,Oncologist,"Are glioblastomas isocitrate dehydrogenase (IDH)-wildtype tumors?"
0,Brain tumors,Oncologist,"Is there any risk factors for malignant glioma other than radiation exposure and genetic syndromes?"
0,Brain tumors,Oncologist,"The majority of meningiomas are benign. How can we diagnose if its cancerous?"
0,Brain tumors,Oncologist,"What advances have been made in blood-brain barrier-crossing nanotechnology for effective BBB penetration, efficient tumour accumulation, precise tumour imaging, and significant tumour inhibition of brain cancer?"

0,Leukemia,Oncologist,"Is Immunophenotypic effective in the diagnosis and classification of acute leukemia?"
0,Leukemia,Oncologist,"What are the key molecular processes that facilitate metastasis in a variety of leukaemic subtypes?"
0,Leukemia,Oncologist,"What is the current pipeline of treatments targeting leukaemia metastasis?"
0,Leukemia,Oncologist,"What are the current strategies for combination therapies aimed at eradicating the Chronic myeloid leukemia stem cell?"
0,Leukemia,Oncologist,"Is Chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) caused by BCRABL1 in a cell with the biological potential, intrinsic or acquired, to cause leukemia?"

0,Lymphoma,Oncologist,"What is the difference between Hodgkin's lymphoma and non-Hodgkin lymphoma?"
0,Lymphoma,Oncologist,"Are The Hodgkin lymphomas a family of unique lymphoma subtypes, in which the nature of the neoplastic cell was enigmatic for many years?"
0,Lymphoma,Oncologist,"Are indolent lymphomas a type of slowly growing non-Hodgkin's lymphoma? Are they curable?"
0,Lymphoma,Oncologist,"What are Follicular lymphoma (FL) and marginal zone lymphoma (MZL)?"Are they indolent mature B-cell neoplasms?" What is their variable clinical presentation and distinct histopathologic features?"
0,Lymphoma,Oncologist,"Are chemoimmunotherapy used as initial treatment for Non-Hodgkin lymphomas?" When is radiation therapy added?"

0,Multiple myeloma,Oncologist,"Is Multiple myeloma characterized by presence of abnormal clonal plasma cells in the bone marrow, with potential for uncontrolled growth causing destructive bone lesions, kidney injury, anemia, and hypercalcemia?"
0,Multiple myeloma,Oncologist,"Can Induction therapy with an injectable proteasome inhibitor, an oral immunomodulatory agent and dexamethasone followed by treatment with autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, and maintenance therapy with lenalidomide cure Multiple myeloma?"
0,Multiple myeloma,Oncologist,"What is the role of the genetic changes and bone marrow microenvironment on the development, progression, and staging of multiple myeloma?"
0,Multiple myeloma,Oncologist,"Are bone pain, fatigue and weight loss common manifestations of multiple myeloma?"
0,Multiple myeloma,Oncologist,"Do some cases of Multiple myeloma not have monoclonal protein?"

0,Myelodysplastic syndromes,Oncologist,"Is Myelodysplastic syndromes a diverse hematological malignancy with a wide spectrum of presentations and implications?"
0,Myelodysplastic syndromes,Oncologist,"Do Treatment strategies for patients with Myelodysplastic syndromes heavily rely on prognostic scoring systems, such as the revised international prognostic scoring system (IPSS-R)?"
0,Myelodysplastic syndromes,Oncologist,"Is Bone marrow fibrosis an independent risk factor for poor survival in patients with Myelodysplastic syndromes?"
0,Myelodysplastic syndromes,Oncologist,"Can Myelodysplastic syndromes be distinguished from nonneoplastic clonal myeloid proliferations by the presence of morphologic dysplasia?"
0,Myelodysplastic syndromes,Oncologist,"Can Myelodysplastic syndromes be distinguished from from acute myeloid leukemia by a blast threshold of 20%?"

0,Myeloproliferative neoplasms,Oncologist,"Is Polycythemia vera a JAK2-mutated myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by clonal erythrocytosis?"
0,Myeloproliferative neoplasms,Oncologist,"Are leukocytosis, thrombocytosis, splenomegaly, pruritus, constitutional symptoms, microcirculatory disturbances, and increased risk of thrombosis and progression into myelofibrosis (post-PV MF) or acute myeloid leukemia (AML) considered features of olycythemia vera?"
0,Myeloproliferative neoplasms,Oncologist,"What is the molecular of Essential thrombocythemia (ET) and which patients may have greatest risk of progression or vascular events?"
0,Myeloproliferative neoplasms,Oncologist,"Is Essential thrombocythemia a chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by an increased platelet count in the peripheral blood and excessive megakaryopoiesis in the bone marrow?"
0,Myeloproliferative neoplasms,Oncologist,"What are the treatment options for Myeloproliferative neoplasms?" Is it curable?"
 
0,Osteosarcoma,Oncologist,"Does Osteosarcoma have a high propensity for local invasion and metastasis?"
0,Osteosarcoma,Oncologist,"Is Immunotherapy effective aginst human malignancies and does it provide a better understanding of the immune response to Osteosarcoma?"
0,Osteosarcoma,Oncologist,"What is the survival rate of Osteosarcoma?"
0,Osteosarcoma,Oncologist,"Is the prognosis of Osteosarcoma location dependent?"Does this emphasizes the likely contribution of the bone microenvironment in its pathogenesis?"
0,Osteosarcoma,Oncologist,"Do the diverse histological patterns of osteosarcoma and the lack of diagnostic biomarkers make its diagnosis challenging?"
0,Osteosarcoma,Oncologist,"Are Osteosarcomas the most frequent primary bone sarcomas?"

1,Ewing sarcoma,Oncologist,"Is Ewing sarcoma a rare tumor developed in bone and soft tissues of children and teenagers?"
0,Ewing sarcoma,Oncologist,"Is Ewing sarcoma led by a chromosomal translocation, typically including EWS and FLI1 genes?"
0,Ewing sarcoma,Oncologist,"In case of Ewing sarcoma does treatment involve multiagent induction chemotherapy followed by local treatment with surgery, definitive radiation, or a combination of surgery and radiation followed by additional chemotherapy and consolidation local treatment to metastatic sites?"

1,Rhabdomyosarcoma,Oncologist,"Is Rhabdomyosarcomas the single largest category of soft tissue sarcomas in children and adolescents?" Does it represents a high-grade neoplasm of skeletal myoblast-like cells?"
0,Rhabdomyosarcoma,Oncologist,"How is the Curative therapy implemented in the case of Rhabdomyosarcoma?" Does it depend on the eprimary tumor?"
0,Rhabdomyosarcoma,Oncologist,"What is the prognostic significance of imaging-based chemotherapy response and proton therapy in case of Rhabdomyosarcoma?"
1,Rhabdomyosarcoma,Oncologist,"What is intratesticular rhabdomyosarcoma?" Does it require chemotherapy in the case of children?"
0,Rhabdomyosarcoma,Oncologist,"Can Diagnosis be done by a safe biopsy that obtains sufficient tissue for pathologic, genetic, and biological characterization of the tumor?"

0,Soft tissue sarcomas,Oncologist,"Are Soft-tissue sarcomas cancerous growths of mesenchymal tissues?"
0,Soft tissue sarcomas,Oncologist,"Is the use of imaging studies, biopsy techniques, and pathological evaluations effective for accurate diagnosis and for planning treatment strategy of Soft-tissue sarcomas?"
0,Soft tissue sarcomas,Oncologist,"Can Aldoxorubicin be used for the treatment of soft tissue sarcomas?"
0,Soft tissue sarcomas,Oncologist,"In case of extremity and superficial trunk soft tissue sarcomas, can preoperative radiation therapy be a part of the curative treatment?"
0,Soft tissue sarcomas,Oncologist,"Does Undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma fall under the broader rubric of undifferentiated soft tissue sarcoma?"

0,Cervical cancer,Oncologist,"Are cytological screening programs helping in the declining of mortality of Cervical cancer?"
0,Cervical cancer,Oncologist,"What are the causes for disparities in Cervical cancer incidence?"
0,Cervical cancer,Oncologist,"Can persistent infection with high-risk human papilloma virus lead to Cervical cancer?"
0,Cervical cancer,Oncologist,"Is the Periodic surveillance through hrHPV and Pap smear-based testing effective in reducing cervical cancer incidence?"
0,Cervical cancer,Oncologist,"What is the underlying molecular mechanism and genetic basis behind the disparate cervical cancer outcome?"

0,Endometrial cancer,Oncologist,"Is obesity the main cause behind Endometrial cancer?"
0,Endometrial cancer,Oncologist,"Does early presentation with postmenopausal bleeding ensure that the endometrial cancer is cured by hysterectomy? What about those with advanced disease which usually have a poor prognosis?"Is there any advancements in this field?"
0,Endometrial cancer,Oncologist,"Should the evaluation of a patient with suspected disease include a pregnancy test in women of childbearing age? What about complete blood count, and prothrombin time and partial thromboplastin time if bleeding is heavy?"
0,Endometrial cancer,Oncologist,"What are the impact of genetic diversity on endometrial cancer? What are the drivers of the various pathogenic states of this disease?"
0,Endometrial cancer,Oncologist,"Can excessive unopposed exposure of the endometrium to estrogen, including unopposed estrogen therapy, early menarche, late menopause, tamoxifen therapy, nulliparity, infertility or failure to ovulate, and polycystic ovary syndrome lead to Endometrial cancer?"

0,Uterine sarcoma,Oncologist,"Can you give some information about the following subtypes of uterine sarcoma: high-grade endometrial stromal sarcomas with BCOR genetic abnormalities, fibrosarcoma-like uterine sarcomas with NTRK rearrangements and COL1A-PDGFRB fusions, and undifferentiated uterine sarcomas with SMARCA4 mutations?"
0,Uterine sarcoma,Oncologist,"How to differentiate benign leiomyomas (fibroids) and uterine sarcomas?"
0,Uterine sarcoma,Oncologist,"Can T2 signal intensity indicate the presence of uterine sarcoma?"
0,Uterine sarcoma,Oncologist,"What differentiates the 3 distinct subtypes of uterine sarcoma: uterine leiomyosarcoma, low-grade uterine endometrial stromal sarcoma, high-grade uterine endometrial stromal sarcoma from each other and from undifferentiated uterine sarcomas?"
0,Uterine sarcoma,Oncologist,"Is there a non invasive approach for treating Uterine leiomyosarcoma considering that Surgery is the basis of therapy in these situations?"

0,Vulvar cancer,Oncologist,"Is there still an emphasis on sentinel lymph node dissection for early stage disease and advances in chemoradiation for late-stage disease?"
0,Vulvar cancer,Oncologist,"Can human papillomavirus (HPV) infection lead to Vulvar cancer?"
0,Vulvar cancer,Oncologist,"Does the sentinel node biopsy (SNB) represents the most optimal approach to the vulvar cancer treatment?"
0,Vulvar cancer,Oncologist,"Should chemotherapy and radiotherapy be used concurrently in case of vulvar cancer and what is the consensus on dose escalation?"
0,Vulvar cancer,Oncologist,"Is inguinofemoral radiotherapy a safe alternative to inguinofemoral lymphadenectomy (IFL) in vulvar cancer patients with a metastatic sentinel node?"

0,Vaginal cancer,Oncologist,"How can cervical cancer data help in the treatment of vaginal cancer?"
0,Vaginal cancer,Oncologist,"Does Radiation therapy play a significant role in the treatment of vaginal cancer?"
0,Vaginal cancer,Oncologist,"How does Brachytherapy help in treating vaginal cancer?"
0,Vaginal cancer,Oncologist,"Is magnetic resonance imaging able to detect vaginal cancer?"
0,Vaginal cancer,Oncologist,"Are most vaginal tumors metastatic from another primary site?"

0,Oral cavity cancer,Oncologist,"Is the standard of care in case of Cancer of the oral cavity still primary surgical resection with or without postoperative adjuvant therapy?"
0,Oral cavity cancer,Oncologist,"What lifestyle-related risk factors can lead to the Cancer of the oral cavity?"
0,Oral cavity cancer,Oncologist,"Does oral cavity squamous cell carcinoma develop from progressive dysplasia of these mucosal structures?"
0,Oral cavity cancer,Oncologist,"Can tobacco and alcohol use or an immunocompromised state lead to oral cavity squamous cell carcinoma?"
0,Oral cavity cancer,Oncologist,"What new imaging techniques for evaluation of oral cancer are being used?"

0,Pharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"What is Human papillomavirus-negative head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?"
0,Pharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Are hypoxia modification, molecular targeting of epidermal growth factor receptor family, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor or DNA damage response proteins in combination with radiation therapy effective in the case of Pharyngeal Cancer?"
0,Pharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"What are the main causes of Pharyngeal Cancer?"
0,Pharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Can ultraviolet radiation (UVR) exposure can cause DNA damage that may activate dormant viruses such as human papilloma virus and consequently lead to Pharyngeal Cancer?"
0,Pharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"What is hypopharyngeal cancer?"

0,Laryngeal cancer,Oncologist,"What are the symptoms of laryngeal Cancer?"
0,Laryngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Do hoarseness and dyspnea indicate the presence of laryngeal cancer?"
0,Laryngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Does the presence of submucosal lesion raise suspicion for a non-squamous larynx cancer?"
0,Laryngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Why are Chemotherapy and immunotherapy not typically used in early stage laryngeal cancer?"
0,Laryngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Is total laryngectomy considered an effective treatment of supraglottic laryngeal cancer?"

0,Nasopharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Why is Nasopharyngeal carcinoma particularly prevalent in east and southeast Asia?"
0,Nasopharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Can immune checkpoint therapies be used for the treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma?"
0,Nasopharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,"Can oncogenic Epstein-Barr virus lead to nasopharyngeal carcinoma?"
0,Nasopharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,""
0,Nasopharyngeal cancer,Oncologist,""